I'm surprised. The boss is still monitoring you.
And this company is crying.
Hey, sister, come here.
Let's go play together.
You know that we're going to get your daughter, don't you?
I'm sorry.
I'm a little bit confused.
Well, I'll be here.
It's different.
I'm supposed to be the first and second and third.
I'm sorry to say this in front of you, but...
If you come with the first and second-class company, we'll be caught by the high-ranking.
It's like a dance of Oda City.
What kind of work is it?
First of all, the first and second-class company is...
Koto, Koki, 100-kachi, Baigo, Niime.
If it's Oichi, it's called Gassho.
If you sing, it's called Shikitai Shidoumin.
Or Chikawachi Roudoku.
Or Kami-jika.
Oh, it's not that interesting.
You're the real deal.
We're the first, the second, the third, the fourth, the fifth, the seventh, the fourth.
Oh, it's not that interesting.
Then, do you want to sing something about Dodoichi?
No, I'm sure Dodoichi is a tough one.
If you sing, it's called Kyoukada, or Ginta.
I don't care which one you choose.
I'm going to sing about the past.
Oh, sorry, Kono. It's not that interesting.
Oh, it's time to go home.
Oh, come on.
I'm going home.
Hey, I'm going home.
Come on.
I'm going home.
Hey, wait a minute.
I'm going to tell you something.
You can't play Gensokyo without a week.
Really?
If you win, you'll get a prize.
I'm surprised.